- [Instructor] So Ribbon allows us
to load balance across instances,
but what if we didn't even need to implement the call?
That's where we can enter into the picture OpenFeign.
So back in our IDE,
I want you to open up the room reservation service,
the pom.xml.
All right, let's create a new dependency.
And this is going to be on spring-cloud-starter-openfeign.
And we will allow the version
to come from dependency management.
All right, now that our dependency has come in,
let's go to src/main/java
and open up our application class,
and we're going to add an annotation for EnableFeignClients.
Now, the way that Feign works is you build
an interface on the consumption side
that matches the interface on the service side
and then you wire across that boundary.
Let's go ahead and get that started.
So we need to create a new interface,
and we are going to call this RoomClient.
Make that an interface, not a class.
And we are going to put a FeignClient on here.
Now, in our parentheses,
we want to match what shows up in Eureka.
So here we're going to do roomservices
and we are going to do a GetMapping
and we're going to get a list of room objects.
Now, I don't have to match the iterable
because both of them are collections,
and when they get unmarshalled, it'll be fine.
But for now, we will just make it a list
'cause that's easier for us to deal with on our side.
So we do getAllRooms.
And unfortunately on this side,
I need to put where this is at, so /rooms.
And we're going to add another GetMapping,
and this one is going to be at /rooms/id,
again, to match our end use case.
And this is going to be getRoom
and it is going to take a path variable,
and that path variable is of type long id.
So again, our client looks exactly like
the web service interface.
That's what we want.
It makes this super easy to implement.
So we can now get rid of our rest template
and the bean that went with that.
With Feign, you're going to automatically get Ribbon.
So Ribbon's on the class path.
You're going to automatically get that configuration.
So let's take a look at our web service.
And as expected, RestTemplate starts to fail
because we don't have it defined,
but we are going to do a RoomClient,
and we will add that to our constructor.
Make that final to be more specific.
Add that to our constructor here,
allow it to do its thing.
Could've just typed this,
but I like to use tools in my IDE.
Want to get rid of the rest template.
No longer need it.
Now, we're going to do a few more modifications,
so we'll get rid of this private method.
No longer needed.
Rooms, in this case,
are going to come from this.roomClient.getAllRooms.
Makes sense.
And everything else should be the same.
So we'll just let this go
and we will restart our application.
So let's jump back into our web browser
and we'll go ahead and just refresh this view from before,
and we get the same data,
which is much what we would expect.
The difference is now we are using the Eureka system
through Feign with Ribbon
all with an interface and no code being written.
That's super powerful.
And now it's time for you to jump up to the next challenge.